Update API tokens page to explain new rancher settings. (#4140)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/api/api-tokens/_index.md

> **Note:** This setting is used by all kubeconfig tokens except those created by the CLI to [generate kubeconfig tokens](#disable-token-generation-for-downloaded-kubeconfigs). 

### Disable Tokens in Generated Kubeconfigs

1. Set the `kubeconfig-generate-token` setting to `false`. This setting instructs Rancher to no longer automatically generate a token when a user clicks on download a kubeconfig file. Once this setting is deactivated, a generated kubeconfig will reference the [Rancher CLI]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/cli) to retrieve a short-lived token for the cluster. When this kubeconfig is used in a client, such as `kubectl`, the Rancher CLI needs to be installed to complete the log in request.

2. Set the `kubeconfig-token-ttl-minutes` setting to the desired duration in minutes. By default, `kubeconfig-token-ttl-minutes` is 960 (16 hours). 

> > **Note:** CLI authentication is currently only valid for the following protocols: LDAP, SAML, and Local.

Reviewer: Is that accurate ? I thought it was only SAML. Our docs should already specify this. One line below to adjust too.

Reviewer: I would actually link out to the section that specifies which are supported to avoid updating in lots of places as time goes on: https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.5/en/cli/#authentication-with-kubectl-and-kubeconfig-tokens-with-ttl

Reviewer: Looks like this was removed.

### Setting TTL on Kubeconfig Tokens

Admins can set a global time-to-live (TTL) on Kubeconfig tokens. Changing the default kubeconfig TTL can be done by navigating to global settings and setting [`kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes`](#kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes) to the desired duration in minutes. The default value of [`kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes`](#kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes) is 0, which means tokens never expire.

> **Note:** This setting is used by all kubeconfig tokens except those created by the CLI to [generate kubeconfig tokens](#disable-token-generation-for-downloaded-kubeconfigs). 

### Disable Tokens in Generated Kubeconfigs

> 1. Set the `kubeconfig-generate-token` setting to `false`. This setting instructs Rancher to no longer automatically generate a token when a user clicks on download a kubeconfig file. The kubeconfig file will now provide a command to log in to Rancher. Once this setting is deactivated, a generated kubeconfig will reference the [Rancher CLI]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/cli) to retrieve a short-lived token for the cluster. When this kubeconfig is used in a client, such as `kubectl`, the Rancher CLI needs to be installed to complete the log in request.

Reviewer 2: I think `The kubeconfig file will now provide a command to log in to Rancher.` and `Once this setting is deactivated, a generated kubeconfig will reference the [Rancher CLI]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/cli) to retrieve a short-lived token for the cluster.` are somewhat redundant. The first sentence is probably unnecessary since the following sentences explain the use of the CLI instead and that the user will need to log in.

### Setting TTL on Kubeconfig Tokens

> Admins can set a global TTL on Kubeconfig tokens. Once the token expires, the kubectl command will require the user to authenticate to Rancher. Changing the default kubeconfig TTL can be done by navigating to global settings and setting [`kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes`](#kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes) to the desired duration in minutes. The default value of [`kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes`](#kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes) is 0, which means tokens never expire.

Reviewer: On this part `the kubectl command will require the user to authenticate to Rancher`, they would just have generic kubeconfigs with a token that is expired, so nothing would necessarily suggest the user re-authenticates to rancher, it just wouldn't work right ? If so I would just remove that whole line. 

```suggestion
Admins can set a global TTL on Kubeconfig tokens. Changing the default kubeconfig TTL can be done by navigating to global settings and setting [`kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes`](#kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes) to the desired duration in minutes. The default value of [`kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes`](#kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes) is 0, which means tokens never expire.
```

> _**Note:**_ This setting is used by all kubeconfig tokens except those created by the CLI to [generate kubeconfig tokens](#disable-token-generation-for-downloaded-kubeconfigs). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This setting is used by all kubeconfig tokens except those created by the CLI to [generate kubeconfig tokens](#disable-token-generation-for-downloaded-kubeconfigs). 
```

> ### Disable Token Generation for Downloaded Kubeconfigs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Disable Token Generation for Downloaded Kubeconfigs
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Disable Tokens in Generated Kubeconfigs
```

1. Set the `kubeconfig-generate-token` setting to `false`. This setting instructs Rancher to no longer automatically generate a token when a user clicks on download a kubeconfig file. The kubeconfig file will now provide a command to log in to Rancher. Once this setting is deactivated, a generated kubeconfig will reference the [Rancher CLI]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/cli) to retrieve a short-lived token for the cluster. When this kubeconfig is used in a client, such as `kubectl`, the Rancher CLI needs to be installed to complete the log in request.

2. Set the `kubeconfig-token-ttl-minutes` setting to the desired duration in minutes. By default, `kubeconfig-token-ttl-minutes` is 960 (16 hours). 

> _**Note:**_ CLI authentication is currently only valid for the following authProviders: Local, KeyCloak, Ping, ADFS, Okta, Shibboleth, FreeIPA, OpenLDAP, ActiveDirectory

Reviewer: If I remember, this is actually about SAML vs not SAML, right ? We should leave it at that instead. Some of these, such as keycloak, also support other auth methods like OIDC which would not allow CLI login.

- Bearer tokens API keys/calls
- Tokens used by internal operations
 
### Token Settings
These global settings affect Rancher token behavior.

| Setting | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`auth-user-session-ttl-minutes`](#auth-user-session-ttl-minutes) | TTL in minutes on a user auth session token. |

> | [`kubeconfig-default-token-TTL-minutes`](#kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes) | Default TTL applied to all kubeconfig tokens. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`kubeconfig-default-token-TTL-minutes`](#kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes) | Default TTL applied to all kubeconfig tokens except those generate by Rancher CLI. |
```

> | [`kubeconfig-token-ttl-minutes`](#kubeconfig-token-ttl-minutes) | TTL used for tokens generated via the CLI.  **Deprecated** This setting will be removed, and `kubeconfig-default-token-TTL-minutes` will be used for all kubeconfig tokens. |

Reviewer 2: Still need to address.

> | [`auth-token-max-ttl-minutes`](#auth-token-max-ttl-minutes) | Max TTL for all authentication tokens. |

Reviewer 2: Do we explain somewhere the difference between auth user sessions tokens, auth tokens, and regular tokens or which ones overlap?

Author: We do not have that explanation. Maybe because tokens are not handled differently by Rancher authentication. The differences only appear in how the tokens are created. I can add to setting descriptions to highlight these differences.

Reviewer 2: For example, `auth-user-session-ttl-minutes` only effects tokens for UI sessions right? I think that along with the alternation between saying `tokens` and `authentication tokens` can be confusing.

| [`kubeconfig-generate-token`](#kubeconfig-generate-token) | If true, automatically generate tokens when a user downloads a kubeconfig. |

#### auth-user-session-ttl-minutes
Time to live (TTL) duration in minutes used to determine when a user auth session token expires. When expired, the user will be required to log in and obtain a new token. This setting is not affected by [`auth-token-max-ttl-minutes`](#auth-token-max-ttl-minutes).

#### kubeconfig-default-token-TTL-minutes
Time to live (TTL) duration in minutes used to determine when a kubeconfig token expires. When the token is expired, the API will reject the token. This setting can not be larger than [`auth-token-max-ttl-minutes`](#auth-token-max-ttl-minutes).

#### kubeconfig-token-ttl-minutes

> **Deprecated: This setting will be replaced with the value of [`kubeconfig-default-token-TTL-minutes`](#kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes).**

Reviewer 2: Include when this will take place.

Reviewer 2: Still need to address.

Time to live (TTL) duration in minutes used to determine when a kubeconfig token that was generated by the CLI expires. Tokens are generated by the CLI when [`kubeconfig-generate-token`](#kubeconfig-generate-token) is false. When the token is expired, the API will reject the token. This setting can not be larger than [`auth-token-max-ttl-minutes`](#auth-token-max-ttl-minutes).

#### auth-token-max-ttl-minutes
Maximum Time to Live (TTL) in minutes allowed for auth tokens. If a user attempts to create a token with a TTL greater than `auth-token-max-ttl-minutes`, Rancher will set the token TTL to the value of `auth-token-max-ttl-minutes`.

#### kubeconfig-generate-token

> When true, kubeconfigs requested through the UI will contain a valid token. When false, the kubeconfig will execute the CLI to prompt the user to log-in and retrieve a kubeconfig with a token. **Currently only valid for the following protocols: LDAP, SAML, and Local.**

Reviewer 2: The CLI caches the token but the kubeconfig doesn't change to having the token embedded. It still just has the command:
```suggestion
When true, kubeconfigs requested through the UI will contain a valid token. When false, the kubeconfig will contain a command that uses the Rancher CLI to prompt the user to log-in. The CLI then will retrieve and cache a token for the user. **Currently only valid for the following protocols: LDAP, SAML, and Local.**
```

- Bearer tokens API keys/calls
- Tokens used by internal operations
 

> ### Token Settings

Reviewer: This is great though, thanks for adding, I will personally be using this docs page a lot in the future 😄

Author: Thanks!

> These global settings affect rancher token behavior.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These global settings affect Rancher token behavior.
```

| Setting | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`auth-user-session-ttl-minutes`](#auth-user-session-ttl-minutes) | TTL in minutes on a user auth session tokens.| 

> | [`kubeconfig-default-token-TTL-minutes`](#kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes) |Default TTL applied to all kubeconfig tokens.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| [`kubeconfig-default-token-TTL-minutes`](#kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes) | Default TTL applied to all kubeconfig tokens.|
```

#### kubeconfig-default-token-TTL-minutes
Time to live (TTL) duration in minutes used to determine when a kubeconfig token expires. When the token is expired, the API will reject the token. This setting can not be larger than [`auth-token-max-ttl-minutes`](#auth-token-max-ttl-minutes).

#### kubeconfig-token-ttl-minutes
**Deprecated: This setting will be replaced with the value of [`kubeconfig-default-token-TTL-minutes`](#kubeconfig-default-token-ttl-minutes).**
Time to live (TTL) duration in minutes used to determine when a kubeconfig token that was generated by the CLI expires. Tokens are generated by the CLI when [`kubeconfig-generate-token`](#kubeconfig-generate-token) is false. When the token is expired, the API will reject the token. This setting can not be larger than [`auth-token-max-ttl-minutes`](#auth-token-max-ttl-minutes).

#### auth-token-max-ttl-minutes
Maximum Time to Live (TTL) in minutes allowed for auth tokens. If a user attempts to create a token with a TTL greater than `auth-token-max-ttl-minutes`, Rancher will set the token TTL to the value of `auth-token-max-ttl-minutes`.
#### kubeconfig-generate-token

> While true kubeconfigs requested through the UI will contain a valid token, if this setting is false, the kubeconfig will execute the CLI to prompt the user to log-in and retrieve a kubeconfig with a token. **Currently only valid for the following authProviders: Local, KeyCloak, ping, adfs, okta, shibboleth, freeIPA, openLDAP, activeDirectory**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When true, kubeconfigs requested through the UI will contain a valid token. When false, the kubeconfig will execute the CLI to prompt the user to log-in and retrieve a kubeconfig with a token. **Currently only valid for the following authProviders: Local, KeyCloak, ping, adfs, okta, shibboleth, freeIPA, openLDAP, activeDirectory**
```
